Update information and videos in newspost (#2)
MChecaH/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-07-21-osu-mania-ln-tournament-4-registrations-now-open.md

This year, we open with a mysterious title, **Inverse World of Nouille**. We not only hope to bring top-tier rivalry between many of the stars of the tournament scene, but also step up massively in terms of overall production. From vast lineups of music to stunning illustrations, you can be sure of finding your favorite bowl of noodles among those we have to offer!

> Is the competition too tough for you, yet you don't want to miss on all the fun? No problem! To put our original tracks under the limelight as well as to encourage participation from both spectators and eliminated players alike, we will also be hosting **Ordeal In Illusion**. This event will be running in parallel to the tournament and will allow anyone to battle for the highest score on original songs. To participate in Ordeal In Illusion, simply authenticate your osu! account through a bot within the Discord server and compete for the highest scores on originals released every week. Aside from bragging rights, all participants earn **Lucky Draw Tickets** based on their standing on leaderboards for each original, giving them a non-zero chance to win the Lucky Draw and take home part of the prize pool.

Reviewer: The explanation of `Ordeal In Illusion` is an improvement from before. Though it now reads too vague? Believe it should be more assertive, rather than "tutorialised" as it reads now. The Discord server could also be hyperlinked to make it easier for the users reading this paragraph to understand *which* server it is making reference to.

Also I suggest changing the tenses to future ones.

```suggestion
Is the competition too tough for you, yet you don't want to miss on all the fun? No problem! To put our original tracks under the limelight as well as to encourage participation from both spectators and eliminated players alike, we will also be hosting **Ordeal In Illusion**. This event will be running in parallel to the tournament and will allow anyone to battle for the highest score on original songs. To participate in Ordeal In Illusion, you will need to authenticate your osu! account through a bot within our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/W6zs7mEjxY). You will then be able to compete for the highest scores on our original tracks released every week! Aside from bragging rights, all participants earn **Lucky Draw Tickets** based on their standing on each original beatmap's leader board, giving them a non-zero chance to win the Lucky Draw and take home part of the prize pool.
```

## Prizes

The prize pool for o!mLN4 will be split into 2 sections, the **regular prize pool** and the **event prize pool**.

The tournament prize pool will be awarded to the top 6 players in the tournament bracket:

- **1st Place:** 40% of the regular prize pool and an o!mLN4 Profile badge.
- **2nd Place:** 25% of the regular prize pool.
- **3rd Place:** 20% of the regular prize pool.
- **4th - 6th Place:** 5% of the regular prize pool each.

On the other hand, the event prize pool will be awarded to 3 winners whose tickets were selected during the lucky draw at the end of the tournament:

- **Winners (3)**: 33% of the event prize pool each.

> The tournament prize pool starts at 450 USD, while the event prize pool starts from 100USD. Community donations will contribute to both prize pools in the ratio 70/30 respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tournament prize pool starts at 450 USD, while the event prize pool starts from 100 USD. Community donations will contribute to both prize pools in the ratio 70/30 respectively.
```
